Now like I said before whenever we use an arrow function we actually don't have access to an arguments
object like our arrow function doesn't have its own arguments object.
But we can still access the arguments object of a parent function as long as it's not an arrow function
as well.
So for example what I'll do is make a function and it's going to say.
Make arrow phunk returning are like so.
And then inside of here all I'm going to do is return an arrow function that will in turn return arguments
zero.
So it's going to return the first argument that gets passed in.
And as I said before when you do an arrow function like let's do an arrow like so if you're just returning
something you can leave out the parentheses that you would typically bring So this is the equivalent
to saying arguments and then zero like so.
So it's the same exact thing.
Like I said Now with that being said let's go ahead and activate this so we'll do let arrow equals and
then we'll invoke our previously defined function and pass in a five.
And now if I cancel or log an arrow like so you'll see that it prints out 5.
So even though I return it right here to the arrow right here this variable it still has access to this
arguments object no matter where the arrow function is being called.
It still has access to this original parent function's object due to a scope chain resolution.
So in this way you can still access your arguments even if you're outside of the scope of this particular
function and using a arrow function.